hello Jesse or a GPS city I'm going to
show you the map screen of the GPS map
62 series the maps actually read really
great compared to the 60 series which
this one replaces it's got a higher
resolution screen so everything is
easier to read when looking at the
screen we have a little bar at the top
there
that's our scale bar it's gonna tell us
currently right now that 200 feet is
approximately 3/4 inch on the screen
then we have a little white arrow there
that's our North and Decatur it points
towards North currently the units in
track up so your current direction of
movement is the top of the screen we can
see some track data and some map data on
the screen also we could customize this
screen so that shows data fields or a
dashboard at the top we could also turn
on and turn off maps and map detail and
that's what I'm going to show you now so
to access the map setup page just hit
menu once on the map page then we have
the options set up map hit enter then it
takes us into our main setup screen
we have five different options on this
screen we have our orientation currently
it set the track up we could set it the
north up and that's going to set the top
of the screen as north we have our
guidance text that's going to show up
currently right now when navigating so
it'll show us our turns and nameless
streets we have data fields currently
we're showing no data fields on the map
we have our advanced setup this is our
zoom levels and detail levels and then
our map information so I'm going to show
you the bottom two first so inside
advance map setup there's going to be
five more options we have auto zoom we
have zoom levels text size detail if you
set detail to most it takes a little
longer for your unit to redraw maps and
at least details set the least it'll be
a little quicker now we have shaded
relief
which is de m.data tobacco this man you
just hit quit once and then the last
selection is map information this is
where we turn on and off the maps we
have loaded in a unit sometimes you do
have to turn a map off to see the other
map so I'm going to quit out of here and
let's look at data fields a lot of
people are gonna want to adjust these so
in data fields we have five options we
have custom dashboard for small to small
and one large data fields or none so six
options I'm going to show you what the
dashboards look like first so we have
recreational automotive a stopwatch
compass geocaching and an elevation plot
screen our dashboard so if we select
elevation plot dashboard and then we go
back to the map screen you'll see at the
top of the screen we have our elevation
profile on our map screen which is new
to Garmin and it's great we could also
set it to geocaching geocaching is
pretty good too especially if you're a
kasher because what it's going to do
it's going to give you I'll show you
here a compass at the top of the screen
along with some information needed to
find the geocache like the distance from
your location to the cache
and then we could also do for small to
small or one large data fields I'll show
you what for small looks like and how to
change the data fields so in for small
you'll see we have four small data
fields located along the top of the
screen these can be changed by hitting
menu once we're going to have a new
option at the top called change data
fields just highlight that hit enter now
we want to highlight the data field we
want to change and then there's quite a
few options so I'm just going to quickly
scroll through them all for you
and each one of these can be displayed
at the top of your screen
okay so now we've gone through them I'm
gonna set that field to trip odometer so
now you can see the top corner the
second item is triple Donna turnout and
once we're done we just hit quits and
we're at normal navigation that was a
quick look at the GPS map 62 series map
screen to purchase his products visit
GPS city